including the option to buy another 20 aircraft , overall , in fact , the $ 26 billion .
719 stocks rose and fell 2281 and 79 were at the same level .
some birds , like others would like to get rid of them as quickly as possible . ravens for centuries were part of the urban landscape , but residents , complaining of the dirt and noise , in many areas is becoming more and more .
at the first symposium on воронам , in the eastern town of лер фризии experts argued that the грачей impossible to banish from urban areas .
hunt , the traditional construction and cutting trees for nesting birds complicating life .
in the city of зест in westphalia , and in the north - west in йевере дипхольце , ахиме under the бременом and there are large colonies , more than 600 лере parenting couples .
critics have described hunting birds in their traps and забивание with sticks as finaliteof cruelty .
сбивание nests water or cutting trees often have undesirable consequences , " said an expert on environmental protection mandfred kaiser from lara , baden - wurttemberg .
распугивание exceptions can only be in the form of close to the hospitals , nursing homes and schools .
in isolation from the surrounding areas in the cities will not be solved , " said lera mayor wolfgang кельнер .
" information stands instead of бензопил " - was the slogan , proposed by a psychologist and этнологом утой mary jurgens , which stands for a different approach to birds . " we need to be confident , in order to live with this problem . "
wit and wits of the birds were in the legends . грачи often use guns , not only to приглянувшимся piece , but also make weapons themselves .
in one experiment , the birds quickly realized that you need to knock on the дощечке , to obtain a larva моли .
in another study сообразительным грачам more complex task was to be resolved .
all four birds took advantage of the wire , used to make hooks and hooks to catch the bucket for a pen and pull him out of the cylinder .
, croatia , czech republic , plus the republic of ireland , portugal , and will participate in the 2012 european championship .
under the leadership of the superstar cristiano ronaldo , who scored at 8 and 53 minutes , portugal beat bosnia and herzegovina with a score of 6:2 ( 2-1 ) , getting his fifth exit from the euro after 0:0 ideal as the first stage .
croatia missed its chance , not playing 0:0 1-1 against turkey , but ireland easily managed accounts ( 1-0 ) against estonia .
former professional player from bundesliga вольфсбурга звездан мисимович and captain gurganj спахич reduced разницуна результативному by two points on the 41 - minute penalty and goal at the 65th for bosnia .
portugal has already been выбивала bosnia from the playoffs in the 2010 world cup in south africa .
ronaldo took an early start , a free strike at the gate with about 30 meters .
bosnians who do not have opened an account in the first half , got their first opportunity for the attacker эдину джеко .
following the attack on the elder поштигу in the penalty area bosnians on the 36th minute штарк decided that the portuguese player feigned , and showed him a yellow card .
after the break , vice - champions of europe , 2004 , at the expense of another four голами .
european champions , 1976 , go to a european championship in the fifth time in a row .
goalkeeper petr czech on the 9th minute thanks to the instant рефлексу prevented a potential автогол томаша сивока .
дамьянович dealt a blow on the 40 - minute from the edge of the penalty area , and almost scored чеху .
the goal was just before the final whistle .
four days after losing 0:3 in istanbul , turks have not been able to play better than drew 0:0 in zagreb .
turks have almost perfect start on the eyes of spectators at the stadium максимир 31,000 .
croatia then woke up and all the more захватывала control of the game .
the bundesliga daniel пранич ( bavaria , munich ) and gordon шильденфельд ( айнтрахт , frankfurt ) have been on the field , along with mario манджукичем team of wolfsburg , who succumbed to a place of ivan перишичу дортмунда on the 62 - minute .
the irish in dublin celebrated his first entry into the euro after germany in 1988 .
konstantin vasil'ev guests from the team bus on the 57th minute .
in the last moment , estonian defender was able to not let him move ireland forward .
round the protection of the goalkeeper paul лондака , ward was in the right place and , the ball through the line , has changed the account at 1:0 .
the 52 - year - old woman was seriously damaged on monday in berlin district лихтенберг as a result of a fall in the streetcar .
tram was forced to slow down sharply on херцбергаллее , when suddenly stopped a car in front of him .
an armed man robbed a pharmacy in the berlin district фриденау late on monday .
after the box with the money was given , the robber fled неопознанным and неустановленным quantity of money .
he tried to avoid a collision with фургоном trailer , which has suddenly turned on the road with a petrol station .
police in a statement on tuesday reported that she tried to cross the road at a pedestrian crossing at a crossroads , karl - liebknecht - strasse александерштрассе .
a woman was struck by an off - and was taken to hospital in critical condition for inpatient treatment .
the car stopped and the man fled on foot .
in шведте in pedestrian and a woman shot from the balcony of a gun .
she has been рваную wound and was taken to hospital .
a police spokesman said that there is no connection between a woman and suspects .
the driver - a man seriously injured in the district of potsdam - миттельмарк when a clash with the truck .
from a strike by car thrown on the opposite side of the road , where he was confronted with a truck .
a woman was seriously damaged in an attempt to steal her bag in нидергерсдорфе in the district includes the fleming .
when the victim has resisted , he hit her with the arms and head .
elderly people обкрадывали several times over the past week at the cemetery in фюрстенвальде .
victims were mostly older women , ухаживавшие graves for relatives .
the latest theft of several hundred euros in cash was in the last friday .
young men ranging in age from 15 to 25 years - left railway carriage in хоэншенхаузенер гренцграбене .
but they were soon arrested at the stop on ландсбергер alley .
disabled man who in the stroller , seriously injured when he crossed the road at шведте .
the car a wheelchair , a man fell on the road and head injuries .
seven - year - old child was shot down by car and was injured in веддинге
police said in a statement that he was taken to hospital with facial and leg injuries .
police said in a statement that he was taken to hospital with head injuries and could not be questioned .
a police spokesman said that the 34 - year - old man tried to extinguish the fire .
police in a statement , reported that меллендорфштрассе car skidded , hitting it on a tram rails and stood on the rails .
was motivated by the fire brigade , and she had to take seriously the 23 - year - old passenger from покореженного car and deliver it in a hospital .
police in a statement , reported that residents noticed smoke in the house at the apartment stairwell and caused a fire brigade .
two people suffered in the fight in the fast - food restaurant in панкове on saturday evening .
two 19 - year - old tried to help young people , but were immediately beaten by four men .
eyewitness courageously came to help girls , to whom at the age of the metro station гезундбруннен arbitrary arrests , and was beaten up .
a fire started on a construction site in the tiergarten посольском quarter on saturday .
from the fire was a large cloud of smoke , which was seen with some distance .
the central heating and power transmission line of the district also were affected by fire .
police in a statement on saturday reported that a man about 23:30 was on the martin - опиц - strasse approached three criminals and , when asked how much time .
police found поллучившего seriously injured man lying on the street and called an ambulance .
police in a statement on saturday reported that the 49 - year - old employee of the berlin transportation services ( bvg ) was forced to stop at зеештрассе веддинге after it suddenly attacked the 30 - year - old man .
police soon arrested a drunken man boy had to pick up his grandfather .
the police said in a statement , reported that a house fire near midnight and saw two men dressed in dark , who also перелезали штеегерштрассе through the wall of the nearby cemetery .
the police said in a statement on friday that the labrador , seems to have jumped on the stove , to get to their own food .
bella in the fourth part of finally will be able to marry her lover .
software maker in europe , sap plans to invest billions of dollars and almost double the number of employees in china in the next few years .
" we will create more opportunities for research and development and take on the work of thousands of people , " he said in a statement bill макдермотт , one of the sap executive board of directors , at the consumer in beijing .
global market leader in software industry plans to double the amount of its offices from five to ten or eleven .
in this country , which is experiencing an economic boom , is about 4,000 sap of the more than 176 million customers worldwide .
sap plans to increase revenue to $ 20 billion euros by 2015 .
business software company , which has 55,000 employees around the world , looks better , than it has ever been .
" now we want to change the scope of our operations , " said макдермотт .
here is advice on how to read more : carefully cut bookmark this page and then use it as .
book now , " he wrote an unusual , he describes it , quite accurately , as the " working on the anti - history . "
it was not so much a book about that , " he explains , " but " a book about what it was like . " this is about feelings , impressions , experiences , and the state of mind . "
their lives мерцают here , as church candles : new added to the number of other , and some people live in this time are dampened .
this amendment to the notion that the first world war was only the largest standing on the western front .
the soldier in this book are пчелиные beehives ; one of them meets the christmas day in egypt , under the pyramids ; нерешаемая problem is the tsetse fly .
the war a life of these people , as a natural disaster like hurricane katrina , smelling бездымным region .
" lack of facts , " says mr englund , the " scenic assumptions , conjecture , hopes , fears , conspiracy theories , dreams , nightmares and speculation . "
in their history are mostly from his memoirs , letters and other published materials .
many of them is about the privations , and how to deal with them .
" заменителькофе , forged aluminum , rubber , paper , bandages and wooden ненастоящая buttons . "
he describes the " meat of stabilized rice , brewed in бараньем украшенного false bone , fat ( and made of wood ) ; tobacco , made of dried roots and сушеной potato has been scrubbed , shoes , подбитую tree . "
british soldiers on the contrary , says that , he is likely to die , and nobody will notice and this is not огорчится .
but it is on the contrary , it looks like " sentenced to a man who is secretly . "
" conflict increasingly become the economic competition , " mr. englund writes , " war on plants . "
people are in unexpected ways : low of as much of heroism .
" the most grotesque expression that can be seen in the trade гонорейным гноем soldiers , who have bought and размазывали himself in the genitals in the hope to get into the hospital , " he writes .
translated from the swedish peter грейвзом prose mr. энглунда more flexible , but understated , beautifully fitted for his humanitarian challenges .
the book mr. энглунда is included in this unconventional pantheon .
night hours from monday on tuesday were chosen because in zuccotti park , at this time , people would be less likely .
police commissioner raymond w. kelly was in the centre of events , his presence подчеркивало , how much value to the police department .
so after two weeks of planning and training the police operation began on the release of protesters from the zuccotti park .
the biggest crisis the exercises were conducted on the island of рэнделс with zuccotti .
the training took place late on monday on the манхэттенской side of the east river .
" the number of cops , which i know and which have caused this case , did not say that they send in zuccotti park , " said the man who spoke on condition of anonymity .
one of the reasons for the secrecy was a lesson learned the city .
in the operation on tuesday attended by members of the various police units , including forces from the team of police officers , who usually used for criminal окрестными control district .
" right to do it then , when in the park is located less than all the people , " he said .
floodlights and pre - recorded announcement , his racing from the loudspeakers устрашили , it seems , many of the protesters .
police said that tents not to be touched until 1:45 a.m. , giving the protesters time to collect things .
but many journalists argue that they did n't see how the police , and that the police treated them rudely .
when police went to the west through a pile of personal belongings antifiltration protesters , including bags , plastic mats and bags full of clothing , the health department followed the team , it was collecting what брошено .
the main group of protesters took positions near the camp 's kitchen , the center of the park .
about 10 people in the epicenter of the camps themselves together for the hands .
the mop - up operation was completed in about 75 minutes , police said .
most have been arrested for disturbing public order and the resistance during his arrest , " he said .
phil . т. пуласки , the head of the police department detective , was also there .
the second was waiting for the group of police officers along the eastern side of the street and broadway , between liberty - сидар - street , in case of if you want to enter .
observers have seen how these positions with the police was the even beyond the boundaries of zuccotti park .
around 5 a.m. to the south of pine street -- one of the protesters jumped on the roof of the police car , and others , according to witnesses in the air out of the tires of a police van .
as a result of a policeman and one of the protesters were hospitalized .
school employees union , representing hundreds of staff , who lost their seats in last month , plans to sue the city on wednesday , arguing that the dismissals were not needed and were discriminatory because of the disproportionate impact on the school , where poor students .
six hundred and seventy - two high school assistant , coordinator of the work with parents and other employees who were among the most low - wage workers in the city , have lost their place on october 7 , as a result of that union leaders called the political reaction to their refusal to give city access to health care funds run by groups of workers , to close a hole in the budget last spring .
at a hearing in the city council last month , the schools chancellor dennis m. уолкотт said that the layoffs were part of the budget , which they signed in june .
representatives of the district council 37 , said that they have with the notice claims , the department of education , warning that filed a lawsuit against him ; on wednesday will be held a press conference to announce a formal file a lawsuit in state supreme court in manhattan .
elizabeth thomas , a spokesperson for the city 's legal department , said that the city is not seen the lawsuit and therefore cannot comment on specific provisions .
he points out that , while the статен island layoffs was not , and in the upper east side or трибеки schools it was n't enough , 17 school support workers have lost their seats in the district 23 in браунсвилле , brooklyn , and 46 in the south bronx , was forced to resign in the districts 8 and 9 .
p.s. 36th 3,26 per cent was scrapped in budget this year , and it also lost money , when the city has changed the way of counting additional funding for each poor student , who is enrolled in school .
the notification , used the word " excess " , although the " excessive " more often , when a teacher from payroll school moves in the list of available workers , wages , which pays for the central office .
all that is needed , to the rebellion failed , a longtime dictator muammar qaddafi was captured and killed , and the american intervention .
" what this resolution is , to give honours отважному people of libya , when they begin to rebuild their country , " kerry said .
language may seem harmless , but still no discussion on libya was not easy .
in june , kerry and mccain introduced the resolution , which limited the use of american forces in libya .
but in that same day , when the bill failed in the house of representatives , the house and not supported a proposal that would cut funding for the u.s. mission in libya .
resolution of the foreign affairs committee at the " the people of libya for his incredible bravery and formidable resistance in the quest for freedom " and thanks the men and women of the armed forces of the united states and their coalition partners , who participated in the military operation to protect the libyan people for their unusual courage and professionalism . "
whether the new measures will have full support of the council on foreign affairs or расколют lawmakers , as june , the bill ?
representative люгера said on monday that he had not yet seen the latest version of the bill .
this measure , proposed a member of the u.s. house of representatives republican , bob гудлатом ( virginia ) , will be the first constitutional amendment about the budget or any other , which will be at the plenary vote in congress this session .
amendment гудлата is just one of the 68 constitutional amendments that affect a wide range of issues , which have been made in this meeting .
there are at least 15 versions of the balanced budget amendment only in the house of representatives and much else about the " control over federal spending . "
the budget control act , which was held in august , and demanded that the house of representatives , and the senate voted for a balanced budget amendment .
in addition to the budget , some congressmen want to limit the number of terms of members of congress , jose serrano , a democrat and member of the house of representatives , new york ) wants to abolish the limit of two terms for president .
amendment banning same - sex marriage offer for many years , as well as another , banning burning the flag .
as to members of congress to offer amendments , they are not faster than in previous years .
this rate pales in comparison to the beginning of the 1990s , when members of congress , according to the library of the senate , offered more than 150 changes every two years on a regular basis .
the latest amendment , which was adopted , the 27 - i - was approved by parliament in 1992 , but in congress it was actually in 1789 .
ten months after an armed man shot in her emphasis on a public event in tucson , a member of the house of representatives of the democratic party , gabrielle giffords ( ariz. ) on monday evening , appeared on the federal canal , подпела melody from бродвейского show " the sun will return tomorrow , and said that " wants to get better , more than to return to congress .
program has shown its bumpy recovery from injuries inflicted by a bullet , which раздробила пробила left side of the brain and skull , going from front to rear their heads .
in his first television interview after the january shooting , in which six were killed and 13 people wounded , giffords smiled , laughed and sang " and called his recovery " difficult " .
interviews with giffords and her husband , astronaut mark kelly , was part of the hour " 20/20 " special edition , which was shown on the eve of the new book " гэбби spouses : the story of courage and hope . "
the video , kelly in the first few weeks , it lies on a hospital bed with a shaved head and a long scar on forehead .
a few months later , we see how giffords is sitting in the stroller , and physiotherapists teach her how to carry out simple actions .
a few days later , giffords said at the second word of the " toast " , a request to change the breakfast menu .
in an interview with sawyer giffords , who spends two hours per day on the procedure , said that he did not remember the day of assassination attempts .
suspected attacker джерд whether лафнер found in missouri and is subject to forced treatment in prison awaiting trial .
" but i said , " гэбби , the so - called beaten " , " kelly said .
and you 'll pass through it , you 're выздоровеешь and come back stronger than ever .
the event was celebration on wall street , which has raised millions of dollars for homeless veterans in new york city .
at a signal from a few hundred soldiers , sailors , airmen and marines lining up around him .
" the soldiers watched as the heroes , " said david зальцман money , which organized the spring collection .
" treated like with orphaned children , " the officer wrote in an email .
entirely different experiences illustrate the uneasy relationship , which ties between the army , and often indifferent , sometimes in the american public .
" we are not victims , " said brigadier general sean b. mcfarland , who commanded troops in iraq , and went to afghanistan as soon as possible .
this is a very sensitive topic for commanders , who do not want to seem ungrateful or objecting to society , which they serve .
as a result , most conversations about the pity is quiet and only combat veterans .
some will look at them with admiration , because they are the rebels and used in exotic locations .
while looking for work , he says , he felt that some interviewers asked carefully , he will be able to withstand the strain responsible for work in washington , d.c. , immediately after the military campaign .
uneasy , military , which are partly comes from the american indifference to the wars .
" we , as a nation , no longer appreciate military heroism , as it was quite usual in world war ii , " says david бэрноу , retired lieutenant general who commanded us forces in afghanistan .
troops are on the number of trips , which they committed , according to the number of associates , which they lost , or in the scale of losses .
this week , a historic court hearings should be decided , will be adopted by a lawsuit 28 men and women against army on charges of rape непротиводействии .
average first class elizabeth lyman 25 years and 11 of the week of pregnancy , her claim , was raped by her сослуживцем at night .
he asked whether he was allowed to visit her in the room a drink .
a few minutes after they went into the room lyman , a man approached her from behind , and raped , she said .
the lawsuit alleges that gates and rumsfeld were not able to cope with widespread violence in the army soldiers in violation of constitutional rights .
burke says she 's books at the highest ranks of the army , because the problem starts with them .
" who those people who can destroy the cult of violence " senior management . "
its strategy : instead of collecting all of the plaintiffs in this case is put all your eggs in one basket , so to speak , " she will open up many things , if necessary , to maintain the pressure .
court documents , which received newsweek , the strategy is basically a protection that the former or current army soldiers may not be able to claim for damages , resulting in the armed forces .
" the damage is a risk , присущему military service for the plaintiffs , " according to the documents .
in afghanistan and iraq , and teams of women soldiers are playing an increasingly important role , particularly in contacts with local women in a combat zone .
at the yale law school seminar veterans legal services is the case against four major military academies on charges of promoting женоненавистнической atmosphere .
her group filed a lawsuit against the office of veterans affairs in december , accusing him of discriminatory practice review requests for transfers from people who argue that the threat of sexual violence during the service .
in 2010 , according to the service , preventing and combating sexual violence of the ministry of the momentum , it was about 3.158 trying to rape .
in this report , published in march , as well as the percentage of court cases : in 2010 , 20 per cent , well - known cases reached court , in less than half of that in the civil justice system .
in the case of rape lyman , she said the military police less than an hour later , after it happened .
she gathered evidence of a rape kit , and the blood assailant -- from the cut on his arm , was found in her bed .
six people have a positive characteristics of the accused , who was ultimately acquitted .
" i thought i was now a " i ran out of the courtroom screaming . "
lyman eventually ordered to turn to a military psychiatrist who diagnosed her change of personality that made it to the service .
продвинется will forward the case , the lyman and her comrades on the claim , is a complicated question , " says john turley , professor of law in the name of george washington university school of law .
between them and the verdict is the doctrine , which has criticized since , as it appeared .
army lagged for decades , because it does not have the incentives and holding back funds , which is the responsibility .
these things will change only when the good people want to fight .
" we will continue to fight the army on the issue , until the reforms , " she said .
on monday , breivik , suspected of committing mass killings in norway in july , which has killed 77 people , was on his first open the hearing .
after years of tragedy , the researchers wanted to learn more about these people .
supply of personal data on facebook is so great , " says bartlett , the researchers could easily use the site 's advertising tool , to highlight the demographic group with the accuracy of the science - that marketers and make a few years .
bartlett with the help of facebook and his colleagues were able to interview more than 10,000 of the 14 extreme right - wing parties in 11 european countries are not even out of office .
some of the results are not so striking : on - line supporters of the right - wing groups - often young and male , dissatisfied with immigration .
the demos - just one example of how facebook is becoming a new popular tool in the hands of scientists .
with more than 800 million active users , add on average , three records in the day , " super - hot information research boom , " facebook is increasing the number of scientific papers with the name of the site in the title on the 800 percent over the past five years .
" before , if you want to interview people from the british national party , would have been very difficult to identify them . "
" facebook does this all - you to contact him directly . "
recent research by dr. megan moreno from the university of wisconsin , madison , and her colleagues found that students who talked about their drunken exploits on facebook , have been much more vulnerable to alcoholism , rather than students who were silent on this issue .
" you ca n't solve the problem , not her , " said washington post димитри выявив христакис moreno , the co - author and director of the center for child health , behavior and development , and in the seattle children 's research institute .
facebook also draws all kinds of data about its users .
but facebook users know that the site , watching them , they like it or not - for the opportunity to play in скраббл , located in the thousands of miles away from you , the site can handle your personal data .
while researchers have a strictly defined rules for offline , research , online data .
" as far as they imagined , it was just between them and their friends . "
even offline there is no guarantee that a very honest .
" what you say on facebook , and the fact that you do outside of facebook , are two completely different things , " said selwin .
" nothing can replace the real world and interacting with real people , " he says .
" cold and inhuman " : anders беринг breivik publicly before the trial for the first time
" i have a military commander of the norwegian resistance movement , and the knights templar norway , " he said the 500,000 present in the courtroom .
for the same reason , he refused to allow брейвику , which brought with it a pre - written speech , to refer to the relatives of the victims at the end of the hearing .
about 30 survivors and victims ' relatives attended the hearing .
" it was uncomfortable , but personally , i was a little easier , after i saw and heard the suspect . "
despite breivik 's a strange idea that he is part of the " resistance " movement , the judge ruled that he 's not a mad , and said that there is no evidence that he acted with accomplices .
but that does not lessen the grief and confusion , which now feels the whole nation .
after the death of steve jobs on october 5 , some comparing it with the henry ford , describing the technical genius as a great inventor of the day .
he was , of course , a designer , мечтателем and regarded themselves as hippies , but he was also meticulous organizer and modernizer of the production process , who believed that many business leaders have suffered from the disease to think that really great idea is 90 percent of the work ... [ but ] a great idea from the great product separates a large number of ingenious labour . "
at the time it took about 10 years since , as the jobs out of the apple , and he has already worked in his new computer company next in anticipation of the mass of the internet .
only after the death of jobs and complete vhs copy of the director was found in the garage .
for a man , known for his hatred of detailed interviews , jobs seems to be here quite ready to present their technological philosophy and business strategy .
in four different points during an interview there are large intervals between questions and answers - where jobs is clearly weighing on 10-15 seconds , their thoughts to say .
in filmed before the age of пиксара айподов айфонов lost interview , there is something uncannily prophetic , when jobs assesses that , as he sees , different companies make it right and wrong , and offers his own vision for information technology .
he has a vision of how things could and should have been .
" during the period of time in the business i constantly asked : " why are you doing this ? " and the answers you invariably get : " oh , it is just that . "
stung by way of recording expenses , often начинавшейся expenditure with the " standard " , which took from the ceiling and then подгонялись with a " clarification " , he has created automated framework , which guaranteed that they will be able to track business expenses until the details .
jobs in detail about " blue box " , which he смастерил with steve wozniak , a device that allowed people to effectively взламывать long - distance telephone company and call for free .
he says , as he and wozniak tested the box , using the phone - machine gun , when the conversation and then подсоединяясь from one of at&t 's network to another , not yet been as much as possible .
" we were young , and all that we have learned is that we can build something that would have control of the billions of dollars on infrastructure around the world . "
jobs continues to describe a famous escapade , in detail with which he and wozniak almost fulfilled by calling the vatican through blue box at midnight , and asking to call the pope , struggling to henry kissinger 's copy .
about the love of technology ( and cold прозванивании bill хьюлетта ) :
soon after their 20 - minute telephone conversation jobs received a year подработку in hewlett - пакард .
jobs later became one of the hp employees , who visited the company 's research lab in palo alto , where he saw " the first desktop computer . "
i often went to the hp as a teenager and revolved around the car and wrote for her program .
in several places in an interview with jobs to talk about inventing new products on the fly .
while only 30 days in the credit , he was supposed to think and assembly and delivery of ready - made devices .
" i remember the fierce debate ... they were shouting at me , that it will take five years [ to collect the mouse , which will cost $ 300 ] , and i was fed by the throat , and released , and found the designer " .
" let 's say you 're in the ibm or xerox , which is why you 're doing is the best copier and printer , or that ? "
sales and marketing make it more successful , so [ it is those types of people ] who eventually comes to the management companies , and the people who make the product of the decision - makers .
he could be ten times more , could be майкрософтом early ...
you need to keep ideas in the head of the 5,000 - these concepts , combining them all together ...
part of what made the famous mac , was the fact that people who worked on him , were musicians , poets , artists , зоологами , historians , who happened to be the best specialists in information technology in the world .
scalia and thomas lunch with opponents of the health care law , while the court considers the case
this incident took place in the last thursday , when all nine justices met to discuss filed petitions for review .
judges agreed to consider the process ; in fact , behalterbau debate of the duration of 5 1/2 hours in march 2012 , and the outcome will likely become a hindrance in the presidential race , which will be in full swing at the time , when a court decision .
clement , a law firm bancroft pllc , was one of the nearly two dozen firms that helped sponsor the annual dinner of federalists , long - existing groups , constantly , conservative legal principles .
another event was sponsored by pharmaceutical giant pflizer inc , which is a huge financial interest in the outcome of litigation .
was , among other things , and mitch mcconnell , senate republican leader and a prominent opponent of health - care law .
nothing new : two judges attend the event of federalists for many years .
in fact , the judges are free from the code of conduct , which regulates the actions of the lower federal judges .
however , the apparent closeness scalia and thomas to two law firms in this case , as well as the company with large financial interests , was enough signal to the activists of ethics in government .
" judges wined and dined on the official campaign fundraising with lawyers , which now covers the court . "
scalia and thomas , is unlikely to pay attention to the critics who say they are very willing to mix business with the court фигурирующими in groups like the federalist society .
moreover , conservatives argue that it is in relation to the judge elena kagan is the question of ethics , rather than scalia and thomas .
her critics were demanding that kagan refused a hearing on this case , because it was too involved in the protection of the law , then , to be an impartial now .
boeing also sells six boeing dreamliner oman air , the size of the deal is more than $ 1 billion .
but this is an important event , when the company - самолетостроитель прейскурантная and boeing co. , the price for all of these 50 aircraft is $ 18 billion .
in the forecast , published in the company calculates that the middle east on monday , chicago in the next 20 years will need the 2,520 airplanes valued at $ 450 billion .
later on monday , according to boeing , oman air ordered six boeing 787-8s , the so - called dreamliner , which can boast a considerably better fuel economy and удобстами for passengers .
" it 's really good for the boeing , " said morningstar analyst nilus диора .
it is important , because they are less likely than other airlines , the reverse order planes when prices rise , диора said .
emirates order strengthens leadership широкофлюзеляжных market boeing aircraft and helps prevent rival airbus sas mediation attempts on his dominance with his airliner a350 .
he postponed his debut , in order to increase осевую load after buyers sought to increase capacity and range .
mexican president 's sister , apparently , lost the election in michoacan
president felipe calderon 's sister , it seems , has made its bid for the governor of michoacan state elections during the fierce , and she said on monday that the drug dealers have helped sway the race in favor of one of her opponents .
" interference by organized crime during the entire election process and especially yesterday is alarming , not only for the michoacan , but for the whole country , " said luisa maria calderon радиоинтервью in the next day after sunday 's vote .
pri ruled mexico for seven decades , until she lost the presidency in 2000 .
calderon , the national action party candidate , or ipa , led by her brother , refused to recognize the vallejo winner .
ауреолес also refused to accept the preliminary results .
in michoacan has long dominated drug cartels , in marijuana , heroin and метамфетаминах .
for the pri , however , no matter how badly looked in the michoacan election , victory will give a momentum boost for the party .
раджат naga , managing director of the adb 's office in manila , said that the two most emerging big economies must do " everything that can " to accelerate the recovery of the currency bloc with the help of either the international monetary fund , or direct bilateral agreements .
" asia can be protected to some extent , but it may not be immune . "
the european monetary union was undermined by the european debt crisis in recent months .
unfolding in europe 's debt crisis has spawned fears that he could bring the world economy into recession again , and led to calls for the leading emerging economies come together to help the eurozone find a solution .
anand sharma , india 's trade minister , said that " india will do everything that can , " to help the eurozone , such as its own economy is now declining exports and decline in foreign capital inflows .
" we have ambitious goals , and we must maintain a high level of growth . "
others argue that there is no sense for emerging economies like india to help the wealthy europeans , when they are faced with their own deep economic problems .
" at some point , they know that the greeks are retiring in 50 years to come and go on holidays to the sea , and it wo n't be seen well , " he said .
mr. нэг , said the eurozone crisis threatened " significant direct effects throughout asia . "
he said that vulnerable emerging markets need to make a " contingency plans " to protect themselves from the downturn and the most significant оттоков capital of their economies .
defense secretary leon panetta tempers in congress on monday , warning that the automatic budget cuts will undermine national security and the financial chain reaction of the pentagon corridors to the fields of battle in afghanistan on the line and civil assembly .
" the impact these cuts would be devastating for the state department , " panetta said in a letter to senators республиканке республиканцу john mccain , arizona and lindsey graham of south carolina .
" so , will make such a strong reduction , the majority of our construction projects on кораблестроению and unfulfilled -- you ca n't buy a three - quarters of the ship or the building -- and do serious damage other modernization efforts , " panetta wrote the senators .
" these changes will undermine the credibility of those who support our army and will seriously damage combat readiness . "
" although the foreign military financing in the emergency operations does not directly affected секвестром , the military to be severely affected by a serious breakdown in the main budgets , " panetta warned .
" staff would be reduced , which will lead to опозданиям staff with military suppliers , and the legal and political support will be disturbed . "
" the consequences of sequestration in the department of defense will be a rapid decline in the united states as the world 's leading military power . "
" this is not an option , with which we live in , and this is not an option that we need to impose ourselves . "
whether panetta a letter or the recent warnings of senators will lead to strengthen calls for the release of the pentagon from cuts or budget compromise that will see later .
at a press conference last week , secretary of defense painted a gloomy picture of what may be more troops -- with shell , but without the core .
" it 's a paper tiger , the army to barracks , buildings and bombs without enough trained soldiers able to accomplish the mission , " panetta said in his introductory remarks in the pentagon .
and panetta said that some of the biggest defence projects could also face obstacles , including those who have already been testing and some in the early stages of planning .
to further develop and test f 35 can save $ 80 billion over 10 years , but his supporters say that this is a vital next step to improve and to counter potential threats , china and other opponents .
a cursory glance at recent headlines , shows just how serious and повсеместны deception and lies in everyday life .
the administration at the university of pennsylvania were charged with лжесвидетельствовании schlensker , because they were allegedly made that retired football coach raped young boys .
former presidential candidate john edwards was charged in the financial machinations during the campaign - related укрывательством extramarital affairs .
stories about the fraud on the tests in school and college is the norm .
mentors , who should be taught the opposite , send a message that the lies and fraud are acceptable .
studies have shown that within a single day , you can lie from 10 up to 200 times .
another study showed that strangers солгали three times for the first 10 minutes to get acquainted with each other .
in contrast to the games room , like , say , charades , where you exclaim , " caught ! " to identify lies is a serious kind of knowledge , based on scientific data , collected over the past six decades in the prestigious universities , comprehensive research projects , particularly in psychology and physiology .
not from this hard to notice and it is difficult to draw the conclusion that the liars .
i spent several years , examining the scientific discoveries of the vast and ever - growing segment of knowledge about lie detection , and it is clear that modern skill , which is easy to learn and that helps us in our complex in the world -- especially if your professional duties include recruiting , interviewing , negotiating or management .
we know from studies that extroverts lied more frequently than introverts , and that the men lie about yourself , whereas women -- more about the other , usually in order to protect someone 's feelings that married people lied to their partners , less than unmarried ( but the lie , that they say , often наглая ) .
watch asphyxia , laughed , voice of your property .
rats can fix the upper part of his body , when they try to remember their history , they can put their feet towards the door , bend towards the exit , to change its position in a certain way , or " relief after the interview " -- this exaggerated sigh of relief and a change in posture , when all the complex issues behind us .
привирающие people can also use the disengagement in the speech : " i 've never had sexual relations with that woman miss lewinsky ... " or repeat the question entirely .
someone could use the " qualification " language , when answering a question : " well ... to tell the truth ... as far as i know ... as far as i know it . "
there is no magic money , to expose the lie , but to master the skill of deception detection can be .
controversial a plan to build a pipeline in need of review after the threat of us to delay its approval
transcanada announced on monday night that she had ever planned oil pipeline from the ecologically sensitive sand hills region in nebraska , and am confident that the project still get approval .
transcanada spokesman alex пурбас says the company retains the confidence that she eventually will get the approval of the oil pipeline , though , with a different route .
" this is a real step forward , " congressman lee terry , republican of nebraska told fox news .
obama in a written statement last week called the decision to call for the department of state , and expressed his support .
he needs to 700,000 barrels a day of the province of alberta to refineries in texas .
his hate but love unions , environmentalists , who hope to about 20,000 jobs related to the pipeline .
the current state department about the impact on the environment study showed that the project will have only a limited negative impact on the environment , but the source of the energy industry , said that the department 's inspector ordered a separate examination procedures review , focusing on two questions .
the other was whether the firm that was the choice for initial research , is inappropriate , as she was linked to transcanada .
family of new york , argues that disco - diva patti labelle , буйствовать began in the lobby of their homes in manhattan , and trapped them малолетнюю daughter to such an extent that the vomited from fear .
it happened on 10 november last year , when working behind the scenes kevin monk , his wife , a kindergarten teacher , rosanna , and a year old were going to stay in a family trip .
rosanna монк спустила said that she stopped near the front door and his daughter on the floor for a minute .
" i told her : " i 'm not interested in , what do you say or think . "
she had a bottle of water , and she began pouring a bottle of water on me .
" i have this woman said : " look at what you 're done with my daughter , ' " said the mother of a child .
a lawyer and representatives of labelle , did not respond to calls for comment .
" the goal is to make patti labelle , responsible for his act , " davies said .
2011 the year , which will go down in economic history of sinaloa as connected with mario lopez вальдеса 's first year , also called year of change , which has high hopes for economic development , but , given the adverse climatic conditions in the beginning of the year , growth was not , however , there were cuts main indicators of economic development .
according to the areas affected by the frost report , by the council on sustainable rural development , mexico suffered 835.582 hectares , of which 78.03 percent suffered in its entirety , and the remaining 21.07 per cent suffered in part . the vegetables were the main damaged crops , corn and chickpeas .
" what we see now is the rise in unemployment , which is linked to several factors , including loss of liquidity on the market in order to resource constraints imposed by law , which was adopted in congress , in order to fight money laundering , as people who illegally possess dollars , it is not easy to work with them , invest and use them in something , " he said .
lopez fought said that the unemployment rate is more growth and demographic factor .
in addition to unemployment and violations of , another reminder of the state is low ; chunk in the state of the lowest wages in the country , according to records of the mexican social security institute and the ministry of labour and social welfare .
for its part , министрество economic development of the government of the most 17.280.000 pesos investment within a year , which mainly came on the company 's services .
against the backdrop of recession in july , the state asked government during the congress of the approval of the credit of $ 3 billion pesos , which would use for investments in infrastructure projects in 18 municipalities to revive the economy , was approved on a local level of 2.600 million pesos , and not expected until november advantages over debt in any state sector .
representatives of the business for the first year , the government of mario lopez вальдеса government is demonstrating a lack of opportunities .
" the effectiveness of the economy in the sinaloa this year it was really low , have a lot of work to regain ground lost in this year , we must redouble our efforts in 2012 , we have n't been able to coordinate the efforts of all , and , above all , good and a synchronized work the new government , we hope that the next year will be much better , " he said .
lopez лоредо said that events such as the early frosts , stopped by the state 's economy this year were limited and its performance and growth .
" in general , we found that on this work , we believe that it is necessary to develop long - term program that will redefine the direction and the economic state , it is necessary to mobilize all the material and human resources , which are from sinaloa , " he said .
president coparmex emphasized the importance of defining the future direction , the better to guide the government 's efforts .
he noted that the current administration has demonstrated progress in their own way of public policy .
the prosecutor general 's office reported that the sentence drug smuggler - omar alexis valenzuela сандоваль , convicted for crimes against health , in this case , and possession of marijuana with a view to distribution .
drug smuggler was driving a white car pickup , in which he was carrying a black bag in the cabinet in the car , and the passenger seat is a small backpack , where the soldiers found eight kilograms and 23 grams of marijuana .
director of social development , pointed out that , although still work programmes developed , they are in danger , as the state government is unable to make appropriate contributions , which are worth , the 11 million pesos , for all three programs .
" they should invest almost 12 million , and although the year ends , they gave us a penny , not when they should have been given since the beginning of july we part , " he said , " not to set aside , we began to work and they are very moved , but we need the money . "
" this has happened to us in the previous administration , because the state had no financial opportunities for participation , and programs have continued to evolve , and this year , to gain access to these programs , we need to find the resources to cover what remains should be state , " he explained .
" they should make the nearly 12 million , and even though year end , they do n't have given us a penny . "
replacement of analogue to digital signals , is one of the most important changes that the world in recent years .
a minority of the four ministers , including the chairman of the court , juan сильву mesa , thought that president felipe calderon not exceeded its authority in issuing the decree with detailed descriptions of action for the transition to digital television ground .
olga sanchez кордеро draft statement prepared by the minister , offered to declare the decree unconstitutional , because the regulation of the radio and television programmes , right , enshrined in law for the federal telecommunications commission ( cofetel ) , in violation of the hierarchical subordination and legal reserves .
on this argument and the senate , and spent two constitutional debate , chamber of deputies to refute the decree and to support the complaints , sanchez кордеро minister suspended the application of the decree and all actions , the it about the transition to digital broadcasting .
in his speech , the prime minister said that he disagrees with the arguments of the project in the sense that the federal executive branch could not determine the general rules of the action , which must prepare for the state administration .
replacing analog to digital signals , is one of the most important changes that occurred in recent years , led to better use of radio - electric range , better signal quality and more channels .
these questions , he said , " call of the system , educated on the principle of the state of economic management , includes a group of government , which brings together in the state constitution executive power . "
from this we cannot conclude that the government , while discussed decree , which in any case , affect the competence of congress , provides the administrative and compliance with laws adopted by the legislative assembly , " he said .
according to data in ппрв , the difference between the first and second place on the gubernatorial election is only 27 per cent , even without counting the votes of 879 total 6.074 protocols .
in light of this , the chairman of the general council of the institute of michoacan ( the election ) , maria de los анхелес льяндерал zaragoza , recalled that a few days ago , on november 9 , the electoral body approved a set of principles , to local rules with the federal election reform .
in the same day , november 9 , the supreme court justice ( all ) took a decision on constitutional claims , by the local legislative assembly , and described as " invalid and illegal , " the voice on constitutional reform , state representative as he has no right to " settle or maintain them . "
as a partial recount of one or more of the ballot box can be produced under conditions that : the results of the protocols do not coincide ; there is no protocol voting and counting the documents in the ballot box or he is not the chairman ; or when there is an obvious errors or corrections in the protocol .
common recount also will be , if at the end of the usual count found that the difference between winner and a candidate , occupied the second , less than or equal to one percent , provided that there is a request from the political party , whose candidate , took second place in the case will be excluded from the ballot box , which were incorporated into the partial terms .
the remains of pilot felipe басио cortez arrived in сальтильо on sunday evening , his hometown ; examination and a memorial mass was held on monday .
after taking the condolences , along with other people who died in the disaster , the family басио cortez коауилы on board the aircraft returned to the capital of the mexican air force , the closest people attended the ceremony in campo march .
at 5:30 the afternoon he had passed the examination of the technological institute сантильо , organized by his former classmates in high school football team , which was a member of felipe басио and during training in high school .
in her opinion , lieutenant colonel performed all of their dreams , she believes that he was at the height of his life , " he was a successful man , an incredible father , the son of committed and loving brother , his family . "
some did not believe him , they said that he was giddy , even in a truck , but he always wanted to carry out his dream to become a pilot .
he recalls that even when he was seven years , he visited сапопан on for the ceremony of his relative , so he knows that his uncle died doing what most loved in my life : controlling the plane .
shots of the guns прогремели in honor of mexican air force lieutenant colonel , felipe cortez басио , led by governor jorge торресом лопесом , people from villages and the state government , the mexican army , from the sixth military zone , the mexican air force , officials and students themselves сальтильо technology high school , in which he studied in 1985 and made progress in the study , in sport , and held him in the latter path .
at 18:05 of басио cortez ( кремированные ) , a resident сальтильо , profits , to be with the funeral of the members of the mexican air force , headed by major james martinez , эспланаду training school , where he has been waiting for his family , including his daughter аманду and his wife , christina , her mother , brothers and other relatives , teachers and students .
a few hours before the discovery of the military authorities in the media showed eleven people were detained in the same town hall for the crimes associated with organized crime .
discovery was found on the 1.5 kilometre road кадерейта toward santiago , on the hill in the commune , known as el castillo .
looking inside , just three metres , they found the bodies of three people , they immediately know the relevant authorities .
almost one meter was another person 's body , in the red shirt and blue jeans .
according to testimonies gathered there , three people were killed elsewhere , as well as on the scene there was no гильз .
according to information , initially on november 11 in los angeles альверо eight people were arrested , and one man who was held hostage , was saved .
another event happened at 06:00 a.m. on november 12 , military personnel committed patrol bypass in the village of old кадерейте ranch , when he saw the car without license plates with the two men in the cabin .
later , after these statements , november 13 , 2009 at 2:00 p.m. one of their accomplices on public land was stopped by la - truth , who saw the military , tried to escape .
appointed italian prime minister , mario monti , italy will meet wednesday with the president to submit a new government , which will face italy on the brink of economic catastrophe and нанесшим crisis , the damage to the eurozone .
that he is expected to release the cabinet , made up mostly of technocrats , though it 's not clear when the new executive authority to take their positions .
" i just want to reaffirm its full confidence in our country 's ability to get out of this difficult period , " said the former european commissioner , told reporters .
the administration headed by former european commissioner monti should approve the austerity package , demanded that european leaders to restore confidence in italy .
emma марчегалия , leader of the italian employers ' federation , told reporters after meeting with monti : " we were told that we will actively support this government . "
monti 's chances of success were largely based on the ldp 's support of the party of silvio berlusconi , who was forced to resign on saturday because of the economic crisis .
support for the ldp , the biggest party in italy , it is important , because until now , many of its members against the government majority , which consists of monti 's technocrats , which forms .
monti 's new government must have a strong parliamentary support for reform , which is likely to continue to be unpopular austerity reforms .
an italian association of foreign banks intensified the pressure , warning that the failure of the monti can be a disaster .
after a brief respite at the end of last week , when it became clear that berlusconi would resign , the cost of debt in italy reached critical levels now against the backdrop of uncertainty about whether a new prime minister will be successful .
monti said that his government will continue to exist until the next election , scheduled for 2013 , despite widespread predictions that politicians only give him time to carry out reforms before new elections .
political sources say , the mutual distrust and opposition parties make an attempt to include political figures .
from the 22 players in spain , ten has already played at 50 international matches .
the contrast with the costa rica , when compared to 22 players from both countries in the mighty match today in a 3:05 of the day on the national stadium in san jose .
this figure was reached last friday in the game against panama ( 0-2 ) , at the stadium name rommel fernandez .
add it to the spanish experience furies in the complex qualification in euros or world championships .
we see that tops the list in the spanish national team goalkeeper iker casillas касильяс , which , in the last sunday 's match against england ( проигранный 0-1 ) record , the former goalkeeper andoni субисарреты repeated in london , with 126 international matches .
on the part of costa rica next to the left side хуниор michael уманой diaz with 48 matches and the striker bryan ruiz - 45 .
in the team with less than 30 exits on the field is roy miller , 26 , from 26 matches , winston parks with gabrielle бадилья with roy мюри 23 and 25 .
while начо мореаля хорди alba - only four games , and you have two in costa rica has only one , victor bolivar олман vargas and nelson эддер not slew .
for the costa rican bryan ruiz has become someone who has brought more points , in more than doubled carlos hernandez , and at least three times as more than roy мюри and parks .
a trip to costa rica is сбывшаяся dream '
more than 20 years of waiting , but the group says that for them it is also the dream became reality , is to play in this country .
group is on the territory of south america as part of the tour in honor of the 20th of work and on sunday , 20 , makes its only stop in central america .
it 's a snippet of conversation , a full transcript of which is available online in the nation .
a trip to costa rica is сбывшаяся dream for us , too .
i was in costa rica , only once - in , it 's a beautiful country , and i think that we will be able to stay there for a couple of days .
i ask you about that , because there is a loyalty to the group ; fans live in a state of tension in the days before the concert .
thank you , that have been with us all these years .
some people are waiting for your concert , refer to him as the greatest show of the year .
some of the biggest show that we were playing in the past 21 years , was held during the last two weeks .
indeed , we really want to play here .
how do you know about the costa rica , and the waves for surfing ?
my friends always go to surfing in costa rica and nicaragua , as well as in mexico , it is a perfect place for surfing , here 's how we have learned about it , from people who enjoy surfing .
we will try to make the best show possible with the most diverse songs ; we will try to play several songs from each album and to provide our fans a wide range of repertoire .
when we have two or three songs , which we have n't played for some time , it keeps us on our toes and surprise us , because it reminds us of the reasons why we love these songs , and that we could forget .
we 're happy for our удачам and we are very encouraged by the fact that we can continue to create music together .
we are happy to travel to places in the world , where we 've always wanted to .
what does it mean for you to be a significant part of the heyday of grunge ?
we are good friends with the guys from soundgarden , alice in chains and mudhoney .
one group of one of the city appears from time to time , but it is far more strangely , when the five or ten groups appearing at the same time in the same city .
i still like to play with some of them from time to time .
as well as very odd that a group of like your remains together and in the same part of such a long time .
firstly , i think we were fortunate that we are still alive , and secondly , we care about others .
we all trust each other 's music , and could not be better .
we care about , in order not to be too long in the round , because it is easy to get involved in this game , large crowds and the people who love your music .
how do you remember your next project , manother love bone ? "
we were a group of almost three years and have not released one album , up to the death of andy ( andrew woods ) .
it was a wonderful person , and we skuchaem on it .
it is true that you are familiar with its work , especially eddie веддера , and that 's why you chose to open ?
why do you constantly change the words in the yellow ledbetter at concerts ?
he sings it , and i think he is the first thing that comes into his head .
so many of them , that i can talk all day about басистах , which i love .
i think we all feel some гранж alienated from the rest of the word .
at first , your music was more grim , but now it has become more positive .
it 's interesting , because , i think , there are a few songs on this album , which may seem easier , but there are songs such as the end or just breathe , which are considered to be very grim , though they may sound a bit more .
i think that when you grow , and in your life was kind of trauma , and you have lost family member or friend , these events are beginning to affect your creativity and your music , and the two songs , of course , reflect this to me .
ex - president alberto fujimori was hospitalized on tuesday in state hospital , for the survey for the loss of muscle power , which is at the feet , his family 's doctor said .
alejandro агинага congressman , who is one of his personal physician , told tv channel n that fujimori will be evaluated by three days in the national institute of неопластических illnesses to determine the cause of pain and loss of power in his lower limbs .
he underwent four operations on the cancer of the language , has lost 18 pounds , which added weight in other diseases , such as a strong эрозивный gastritis , cysts , pancreas , kidney stones , high blood pressure and problems with extracorporeal in his feet , the doctor .
in april of 2009 , he was sentenced to 25 years in prison for killing 25 people and the destruction of the army , which was operating secretly in the early years of his rule .
the official delegation , headed by uruguay president jose мухикой and consisting of a number of ministers and businessmen will arrive in this tuesday on a visit to mexico , to expand trade between the two countries , and to start negotiations on political issues in the region .
meeting of the two presidents in the city of guadalajara , it will be " good for the exchange of information on the political relations between the two south american nations , " as published guidance on their web site .
in his speech , sarkozy threatened to exclude from the international community of those countries that remain tax harbours , a statement that provoked protest and uruguay for consultation its ambassador to the european country .
uruguay 's government tried to speed up the agreements in recent years on the exchange of tax , to leave the " grey list " of the organisation for economic cooperation and development , the cooperation of the countries that do not enjoy international tax standards .
усатый plumber will be a " super mario 3d land "
edition , which will be in stores around the world this month , was created by taking into account the characteristics of the handheld nintendo 3ds , which allows you to play in three dimensions without the use of points .
alvarez said that " super mario 3d land " is the first nintendo videogame specially developed this platform , " because , until recently successful products such as the " star fox 64 3d " or " zelda : ocarina of time 3d " were adaptations of existing games .
alvarez said that the " super mario 3d land " contains two of the game in the same : the first part of a " simple " , to attract less - experienced users .
in addition , the real - time users can choose between " d " aggressive " or the fact that only affects the depth of action , but which need to play in three dimensions , to overcome a variety of obstacles and " do n't succumb to the optical illusion . "
in this game nintendo winks series fans and the successful formula from the previous games , водопроводчику with moustache to go on dangerous заминированным platforms , in order to free princess peach .
so the process by which a guatemala responded to a request from the north country , which is required for the issuance of portillo , to judge it .
he claimed that during his mandate , he is not " hands " to the legal decisions and took all the procedures for extradition , he ever knew about it .
that made colom , reveals executive process after they exhausted all legal and constitutional courts with a view to prosecution , the former head of the state from 2000 to 2004 .
portillo was acquitted in fiscal q 120 million in the ministry of defense during the presidency , something that was pre - extradition process , but the ministry of public relations #7426 appeal and re - opened the case .
the organization was founded , to prevent the marginalization of young people without education
add to that is more than a hundred jobs created for the purposes of this social groups .
trinijove appeared alongside тринитат велья in 1986 , with a view to helping young people with the lack of education , lack of work and problems with drug or to marginalize .
a different political representation during the election showed characters work , made trinijove .
has also appeared in fabra i coats current consultant on social welfare and family , хосеп lewis клерис social work and ceo of la caixa , хауме ланаспа .
chairman of the led trinijove as an example of the fight against bad circumstances and вселения hope the people facing difficulties .
twelve people voluntarily left the building at noon yesterday , that they illegally occupied and where they were massive party , which irritated neighbors , according to court without police intervention .
" at this point , there will be crossing over , " said the manager .
the first three floors were perfect for parties that lasted up to two days and frustrated by the new owners .
owner , mary пантинат , europa press reported that , since the building was occupied , its profit fell by 80 % .
in addition , the owner of the news was supposed to respond to noise complaints from neighbors , though , as she noticed , the noise was caused by visitors of the club , and not residents of squats and , above all , those who attended parties , who were there , frequency and intensity of which has increased , as the angry neighbors said .
police also confirmed that in the past week in the city received more complaints from neighbors on the situation .
a popular leader explained that before the summer , only one floor was busy , but in the last few months , the squatters had all the floors and in virtually every room and that some of them have взломы .
so , yesterday , members of the police evacuated the building in the know barris .
architects agree with the possibility of the contest after wrangling about contributions
in the mid - 1980s , on the rise of угасшей now capital of barcelona ( skb ) , this administration for the promotional leaflets кольсеролы .
moreover , it is accompanied by comparing the new york in the pictures with the central park .
it was so , until , in september , the council announced a huge event , consisting of 16 contests for the gates in many other кольсеролу .
so , or if someone wants to put the gates on the field .
competition , and the organizational side , and their impact on the city , barcelona are the topic for discussion of all architects .
and this leads to one of the few similarities between what they say three , architect of barcelona , and scientists who were present .
for рольдана , after reaching the shoreline is " necessary " to discuss " the front side of the mountain " , when supply ильдефона серды mountain , with green apple , has not been made .
модоло рольдан and байона with experience in the city building , called an " intellectual challenge " with " some of the dangers . "
the first fear is the limitation of the border , where you can build .
" we need to think about the new urban planning tools , because the current [ with regard to the general capital plan ( gsp ) ] can lead to the real trouble . "
модоло recalls that already have a work made outside кальсеролы , which " should not miss ailianduo " , although he was grateful for the possibility that his profession , city hall offers to join the project , " from the beginning . "
байона hints that answer the question of which the name of this part of the complex , as in the contest rules lacks a common type of кольсеролы : " it was announced 16 intersecting competitions , " he says , " within the meaning of the sea , mountains , but there are no longitudinal , reading , to see and understand the region as a whole . "
on the other hand , the project for some , the gate could overlap on the programme and identifying with the project architect for the neighboring gate .
after 72 days in jail , manuel jonas ларрасабаль will be free after that , as the legitimate representative of the red casino gave him forgiveness before the second criminal district court , which is leading the process of extortion against the brother of the mayor of monterrey .
after public condemnation of the state attorney general opened a criminal case against the mayor 's brother and on september 2 , he was arrested and imprisoned for 30 days .
at this point , he was 49 days following the second - order banning the transfer , after prosecutor ruled out the crimes of bribery and organised crime .
authorities allowed him to continue a гарзе in municipal jail in san nicolas .
on monday , the legitimate representative of the red casino , victor aldo garcia gomez , appeared before a judge jose luis песиной to ask for pardon for brother mayor in the region , so that in the next few hours he would be able to gain freedom .
based on the record 197/2011 pardons granted to йонасу ларрасабалю , and after that you ca n't make any representations regarding the process , which was planned against him ; and require no compensation and punishment .
an employee of the court , jorge янес , went to prison in the municipality of san nicolas in гарзе , to inform йонаха that he was legally pardoned and his case will be closed .
minister dionisio perez хакоме tells about the details of the disaster that killed interior minister francisco blake , and another seven people .
during a press conference хакоме , communications and transport minister dionisio perez , said before the aircraft had risen up , the pilot found out that weather conditions were suitable for flight .
he also said that the vessel was designed for 19 people , respectively , it is with the necessary requirements for transporting people .
" in the study said that elsewhere , there is no components of the ship , attack happened in the state of the structural integrity .
the earth in this place has a bias from seven to 30 degrees .
meanwhile , the гильберто lopez meyer , director general of airports and auxiliary services , said that during the presidential helicopter hit by the speed and that it happened on a soft power .
at a press conference , the owner of the sct , perez хакоме , listed six very important element in the investigation :
according to aviation rules , the flight was conducted under visual flight rules , which means that a team that should be visible during the flight and landing .
reports aicm of suitable conditions for take - off , when the aircraft bent at the border area between mexico city mexico city and the state , where there were layers of clouds at low altitudes .
perhaps because of the conditions cloudeness team searched the area at the height and visibility in the valley куэрнавака .
coordinates of the strike and the latest recording with radar aircraft are similar , probably before the flight there was no loss of control or change of direction .
information available so far indicates that an attack on the front and side .
the pictures shows the sequence in which it разрушалось along the way .
after thorough research on more territory than lavishly zone near the place where the accident occurred , could not be found scattered parts of the aircraft that reinforces the suggestion that the attack occurred in the context of structural integrity .
social protection is to find the gene study of obesity in children and young people ; it is supported by experts from restarts
in a statement , head of medical research in the biochemistry of the national medical center hospital in the 21st century , miguel cruz lopez explained , was multidisciplinary team of therapists , nurses , dieticians , social workers .
in the study population ( anything or not ) invited to take part , sports centres , mssi participating in the study , in the valley of mexico city , where every saturday from 8:00 a.m. , will be carried out tests with the participation of children .
after the goal to attract from 500 to 600 children will be achieved , the study will continue in the sports center of the independence of the mexico city ( south ) and , finally , in the sports center morelos ( north of mexico city ) .
on november 14 , will be celebrated world diabetes day , and the main goal is to collect three thousands of children and adolescents aged 6 to 14 years with his parents ' and under their supervision to fill individual diet questionnaires .
he explained that on saturday will be held антропометрические measurement of all participants ( height , weight and waist girth ) , measuring blood pressure , glucose and fats , cholesterol and insulin and genetic analysis to identify genes that are associated with childhood obesity ) .
in medical research , conducted in the period from 1999 to 2006 , says that there was just 6 years growth : in the case of boys 77 percent were obese , in the case of girls 47 % ; when it comes to weight , there is also experienced significant growth , " said specialist mssi .
he reported that the average mexican is 65 per cent of american indians , the 30 % of europeans and the five per cent of the descendant of africans , and this condition affected genes , which are linked to diabetes and overweight .
researcher explained that the immediate benefit for participants is a comprehensive assessment of the children , which can be , whether they have some degree of excess weight or obesity .
with the information come from all over the confidentiality , doctors are her parents in writing , which they explain all of the dimensions and changes in lifestyle , which should be taken to prevent the disease .
it is also due to the high calorie intake , and there are increasing the consumption of sugary drinks and carbohydrate ( тамале , bread , pizza , hamburgers , etc. ) with large amounts of fats and proteins and genetic predisposition , проанализированная in this program .
рафаель эррера , a researcher at the department of chemical , unam , has developed a polymer - bitumen modified to produce a mixture of the best quality , sustainable to the impact of environmental and temperature .
in his lecture in technological view of the pits , as part of the international year of chemistry , said that laboratory , for which he is responsible for developing polymer - modified bitumen mixed with characteristics close to the bitumen production , but with the best opposition both at high , and at low temperatures .
he explained that the bitumen , the most difficult part of the oil is a sequence of hydrocarbon molecules , some high - molecular weight , called асфальтенами low molecular weight , and other - so - called мальтенами , who , along a road to cover his typical вязкоупругое demeanor .
this means that the resistance street asphalt is not constant , and the change during the day , depending on the natural conditions and temperatures , " said an expert in chemical engineering .
among the most is the upper layers of bitumen , made up of small stones , опущенных in bitumen and then спрессованных .
a movement of the vehicles and latch efforts , it helps to be very well on the road to cover .
the асфальтовом cover , he added , is the last layer , called a layer of wear and tear , which is made out of the small stone , in fact , sand and immersed in the asphalt .
as part of the pavement , which will receive and distribute these efforts , a layer of wear and tear also requires the proper thickness , and you need to take into account the material , from which he is .
when the earth crude , water seeps into the body and it 's hard for her to go from there , it causes размягчение all sections of the coverage and , therefore , yam .
as well as a member of the national transportation system , researchers explained that stress is another important factor in the formation of holes , and therefore the thickness of each layer should always be connected to cover transport load and it is necessary to ensure this requirement , to prevent frequent appearance of yam .
which lacked the candidate from valle to become a new miss colombia ? "
this time the мелина ramirez serna was supposed to be contented with what was on the podium with ribbon and silver crown winners , proclaiming its colombia 's new princess .
the first factor played a pivotal role in the jury to award her the title of the first princess , was that it has been unable to convincingly answer the question " what the book describes you , and why ? , the martin мурилье гомесом from literary society , let 's honor .
" i read a lot of books , i believe in literature , i think it is a form of окультуривания highlighted , and certainly , i believe that the book , my childhood -- " the little prince " is a pretty deep book .
the answer that did n't like the jury because of the term " , " and , secondly , due to the fact that not explained exactly how each of the quoted books it describes .
and all of you , please , read at least a little bit , " the little prince " is a great book . "
a reporter from bogota , suggested that , as its preferred , the ovation , and she was кандидаткой , which has all the preliminary awards ( culinary competition остеры , immersive voting for the best national costume , and queen - mother ) , " that the queen 's jealousy of other candidates , have triggered stress , and as a result she was not блистала on stage . "
although in both cases , she looked confident , it was obvious that she lacked strength and energy , which demonstrated the магдалены , атлантико .
in addition , spokeswoman for the valle in the last time avoided contact with the press and it was wrong .
that 's why the two days before the choice of a member of the international jury lucy doty said that they are looking for a woman , приверженную social needs of their country .
there is also a suggestion that valle sinned defects on the buttocks and фиброзом spokeswoman , who was seen on her stomach , but it is debatable , as the jury of her as кандидатку with natural beauty , " given its more than a healthy body , good nutrition and physical work .
the magazine , journalist _guido ойос кромос believes that the mistake the valle de cauca - was that she has undergone surgery .
her body has never had the advantage , and here she was punished for it .
so it or not , the fact that we have today мелины begins a year of the board , not as queen , but as a princess , position , which allows her to represent colombia on one of the international competition , the organizers of the national competition .
this was the man who identified the body of alfonso cano .
of the seven criminologists , working in the cti , turn this week " watch " элизара gonzalez , a person of puerto техада , who spent 21 years in the field of judicial investigation .
in 2000 he moved to the del valle and after the end of the relevant courses he became a specialist in the field of forensic sciences , where he studied skin friction , i.e. the palms and стуней .
he knew that he will need to identify two of the corpse , and one of them , was supposed to have belonged to the man , who led the world 's oldest guerrilla war , so they asked him to take ten shots prints ( his real name guillermo leon саенса ) .
he was without a beard , dressed as a local farmer , without glasses and a much skinnier .
using a flashlight and magnifying glass , ink , shoulder , элизар сопоставил fingerprints corpse with those who were in the images .
in the same night , representative of the puerto техада was asked to confirm the defense minister juan carlos пинсону , and that it was the head of the farc
for specialist in дактилоскопии division sijin recognition from cali , received from president juan manuel santos элизаром гонсалесом at a press conference about the operation against kano , which is very important .
dactylography is rigorous science , without mistakes , and it can play a key role in the crime .
researcher said that in the event of theft he had to take a piece of the house , because in this place a thief on hand to try to box , which was full of jewelry and money .
prints also help exclude or to set up the suspects in the cases related to the murder .
in the investigation found that in the crime could be заподозрен kinsman and , in fact , the fingerprints on a bottle .
specialist дактилоскопии from cti explained that the places where there are fingerprints , chemical or physical реагент .
after the photographs , prints go on asif , who is a database of criminals , or are made in the register .
he explained that not all , as shown in the television program about the csi .
members of the " occupy wall street " movement on tuesday , the challenge authorities in new york , when they attempted to break again , under court protection order , in the area of manhattan , where they were evacuated at dawn in an effort to seize another park is a big apple .
" our idea is that , once the court does not allow us to break camp on the square 's break camp somewhere else and we will continue through the peaceful and legal struggle to return to zuccotti сидячие strikes and demonstrations , " said one of the representatives of the movement of the " occupy wall street " mark брей .
in addition , ' angry people " to the confluence of the new park , located on the streets of central canal street and sixth avenue , near the entry into the tunnel холланда , which connects new york and new jersey , and is owned by trinity 's parish church .
the organization said that several hundred people stood with tents in a place where the delegation of religious leaders went to show support to members of the movement , trying to serve as an intermediary in negotiations with the police .
some of the protesters , headed there , carried and spread at the same time , copies of the court rulings gave these copies of the police , and even охранявшим area , which led to some small clashes " , " said брей , who said some of the police beat demonstrators .
mayor bloomberg told reporters that the city because of this court has suspended the opening of the public space and demonstrators have been informed about this , but the local laws do not allow them to once again to those fleeing shops and sleeping bags .
bloomberg said that he was ordered to clear the area , because it was " a place where people came to protest , and not violate the law , and , in some cases , damage to other people " , as " some companies have received threats " and neighbors feared " the deteriorating quality of life . "
responsible for the " occupy wall street " also pointed out that they intend to organize a " grandiose " shares on thursday in conjunction with public organizations and unions to recall the last two months of the protests that began september 17 .
along with michael бубле she and other prominent canadian russell peters will appear in the television program " christmas " on december 1 .
private television station ctv , today announced that anderson with крунером ballads ( artist ) michael бубле and other prominent canadian russell peters will appear in the television program " christmas " on december 1 , in the role of quite peculiar .
in this scene peters , a well - known canadian comedian of indian descent , who has recently stepped in as the lead in charlie 's " my violent torpedo of truth " tour bus , appears in the role of joseph 's .
бубле recently called " challenger " американку kim кардашьян during one of his concerts in new york
gdp grew by 1.5 % thanks to strong domestic consumption and put an end to the round of the fall , which began in march
the tokyo government first estimated , material losses amounted to $ 300,000 - strike , which , despite the difficult global situation , it seems , is being held .
registered in the second quarter of 2010 , for the japanese fiscal year begins in march 2012 , it is also is the most rapid growth from january through march 2010 .
in fact , the company increased its investment at 1.1 % , compared with the 0.9 % decline on capital costs , which occurred from january through march , the first decline after six months of continuous growth .
for japan , mainly owing to the development of the household consumption , which now accounts for 60 percent of japanese gdp .
in a stronger currency products is expensive abroad , which is a serious blow to the country 's health , whose economic policies of large technology companies .
as long as markets continue to peripheral eu countries , the government siege есихико noda does not reduce vigilance .
the indicator , which predicts fractures in the global economy , showed that the fundamental forces of slowing down .
even the eurozone has fallen below the average , which is located on the level of 100 points after he lashed out at eight tenths to 99.13 items .
пападимос said that the adjustments will be approved by the conservatives , but failed to sign a written commitment
a feeling that " consent " of greece 's new transitional government imposed by brussels , rather than true political forces , he begins to be confirmed that the facts .
the main task of this government is in the performance of decisions taken at the summit on october 26 , said пападимос yesterday , opening the parliamentary debate , which will tomorrow vote of confidence of the new executive power .
however , the message самараса makes no doubt about his position : " we are ready to help the transitional government , but we do n't promise anything . "
but the european commission , still experiencing anger from the effect , caused by the allegations of a referendum papandreou in style , all or nothing , repeated yesterday that its requirements are : it would not help greece if the new government and the leaders of the major parties wo n't sign a written agreement without any ambiguities and as soon as possible . "
queen stressed " the main place of spain in terms of this type of finance "
queen sofia recalled yesterday that over the past two decades , the country has become the world 's second - largest donor in terms of instruments , whose cooperation " in essence , " she said , is that it " an instrument of social progress , justice and hope for a better future for all humankind , based on faith in people . "
spain " still works , " to expand the network recipients around the world and takes on this task with all of the " responsibility , " says dona sofia and hopes that the efforts and achievements , incurred during the summit , which will continue until thursday , will " ensure the creation of new capabilities , and the best opportunities for the poorest people , and particularly for women , " the major recipients of these loans . "
micro - loan summit is becoming not only a platform for debate , but also the platform , which contributes to the " two main goals . "
the impulse to create a micro - credit system in spain and elsewhere in the world , " was on the way , " muhammad юнусом начатому years ago , said ms. sofia as " an act of justice and recognition . "
this experience a year later from the first world summit in washington and other meetings , such as those that took place in cote d'ivoire , in 1999 , canada , in 2006 , and " everywhere i saw the continuous development of , " she said her majesty , whose relationship with this project has brought her the title of head of the family yesterday , " gathered in вальядолиде " banker of the poor . "
in connection with this , she said that it would be a mistake to cooperation with developing countries with the times of economic boom , as it is a " constant commitment " .
for spain microcredit is one of the main areas of cooperation for development . "
europe 's future was not originally planned in the program , but was itself in the autumn , in particular , to satisfy activists who believe that the government 's policy is not so , how it should be , today in relation to greece and , perhaps , in relation to italy tomorrow ....
of 1001 delegates just nine voted against and 10 abstained from voting .
the main idea and chancellor of the draft resolution is in the slogan : " answer to the crisis - not less europe , and more europe " .
in any case , this is one of the proposals of the draft resolution , passed by congress , an idea , obviously , is owned by schaeuble вольфгангу .
to calm the situation in his party , the chancellor has increased its number of references to the konrad adenauer and helmut kohl , but it has not sought to influence congress at the expense of " small " european countries or , in a precarious position that love to criticize the " arrogant " to germany .
in fact , it was one of the most humiliating defeats of napoleon 's army .
following the money , the ump and the government launched an attack on the hospital sheets .
and to help it to the encroachment , sprang from a desire to save in a difficult situation , but also составляющему part of a right to re - election in the presidential campaign , the majority wants to focus on hospital lists .
it is clear , without the consent of the employer , the ill worker will lose the salary for four days , equal to at least 15 % of his / her monthly income .
and that will be accompanied by other measures with more than symbolic effect , namely to force public employees , one day without paying the sickness ( public servants still did n't have to wait for benefits , unlike the three - day waiting for a private - sector workers ) .
control will become more tight and in addition , if you get caught , you must return all illegally received payments , " xavier bertrand warned on rtl television on saturday , november 13 , 2009 .
they really since 2002 , and subjected to control political attacks , which bring your own fruit .
according to the institute for health research and documentation of the economy , the daily compensation expenses in 2008 , thousands of 11.3 million euros accounted for 5 % of total expenditure on health care .
the average , which hides some deviations ; another study , published in 2007 , the site of the career management , monster.com , found that 75 % of the 40,000 french workers surveyed said that they did n't take a single day of the hospital .
if these figures compare with figures of european neighbors , you can see that the french workers do not are more likely to take sick workers , than any other country .
the level of fraud , which is associated with the sick leave , very low in comparison with the " grey " employment .
law since 2002 has led to a systematic review hospital lasting more than 45 days .
in the case of systematically checked hospital sheets for more than 45 days from 1.2 million 11 % of cases were " unreasonable or inappropriate , " that is 132 000 .
the figures that show very little cases , compared with , for example , employment figures , " grey " .
пападимос : greece should follow a new settlement plan
about prime minister said on monday , november 14 , in parliament , adding that lucas пападимос 100 days , provided his coalition government , it was not enough to carry out this task .
the decisions adopted at eurozone summit on october 27 , should be " the main goal of the new government , because " is at stake " in the eurozone countries , " he added .
" we are not going to vote for the new measures , " he said at a meeting with deputies from his party new democracy .
olly renou , european commissioner , responsible for economy and finance , which warned that the imf and eu do not block the 8,000 million euro loan without written guarantees from all parties , that they will support the planned measures , antonio самарас said that his words were enough and that he did not sign anything under outside pressure .
canadians refuse in death , says the report of the royal society of canada
this is one of the royal society 's findings , canada , which involved six experts from different areas , including the ethics , law and medicine .
for starters , experts cite a recent study of the economic expert office , which сравнило quality of death in 40 countries around the world .
because of the медикализации whether or not , but 77 percent of canadians do not have access to palliative care , according to experts , appointed by the royal society of canada .
the highest rate in the country in quebec , where 86 percent of total deaths occur in the hospital .
now , according to experts , who also examined the position of all the countries where such actions were legalized or декриминализованы , there is no evidence that the decriminalisation of abuse in the application of euthanasia or suicide , with outside help for people who ca n't or do n't want to make such a decision .
and 66 percent believe that the legalization of euthanasia will not be a signal that the life of the elderly or disabled it has less value .
as for the extension or termination of medical care , the situation is less than , say the authors report .
the committee of experts also requires that health professionals trained in the spirit of respect for the avoidance of medical care at the end of his life without fear of prosecution .
finally , in particular with regard to palliative or terminal sedation , already widely in the canadian healthcare institutions , the committee requires that she was then , when it is not for blunting the physical pain , not as euthanasia , and has been the same constraints .
some experts in the field of legislation , associated with the health care experts , have already expressed concerns about the conclusion of a report of the royal society of canada .
this opens the door for a situation where anyone who got tired of life and more than 18 years , could ask for help in committing suicide , meter дешан , which yesterday was a summary of the report said .
he said , " in society there are warning signs and prohibitions . "
margaret сомервилль , which is a member of the royal society of canada , the data , in particular , the report , relating to the abuse in some countries , where outside help legalized euthanasia and suicide , as in the netherlands and oregon .
supporters of bashar al-assad yesterday held a demonstration in front of the ministry of foreign affairs .
two days after the suspension of syria 's membership in the arab league and the european union tightened sanctions against damascus , syria 's neighbors turkey and jordan have lobbied for president assad 's resignation .
" if bashar were of his country 's interests , he would resign , but he also would have to create the necessary conditions for a new phase of political life , said the king of jordan , neighboring syria of the country , in an interview with the bbc .
in the middle east , those who do not live in peace with his people and may not meet his aspirations , will lose power , he said , referring to syria , neighboring country , in relation to which turkey is increasingly hard course .
the international community , the united states , the european union , league of arab states and countries like turkey , are increasingly hard line against the repression in syria , said mark toner , a spokesman for the u.s. state department .
two other civilians were killed during the shooting and shelling from heavy machine guns in джобаре in the besieged city of homs , according to ong .
in addition , he reacted strongly to the arab league decision to exclude damascus , which , he said , is " dangerous step . "
after his decision to exclude syria arab league at the moment the " mechanism to protect civilians and requires оптравки 500 members of the arab organization for human rights in the country , military observers and journalists .
a new emergency meeting of the league is scheduled for tomorrow in rabat , to discuss the implementation of the exit plan , adopted on november 2 , and which , in particular , the withdrawal of armed forces from cities and towns , where fighting is taking place , and the release of arrested demonstrators .
future italian prime minister mario monti asked markets a little time to build his team and to carry out a program that would require " victims " , to restore solvency , the backend of berlusconi 's rule in the past few months .
he will have to form a relatively moderate cabinet , made up of technocrats , not included in the parliament .
the chamber of deputies speaker gianfranco fini said that he would have waited to learn , ask whether mario monti , the parliament until the friday vote of confidence to make sure that the new government has enough support .
mr. monti 's comments yesterday 's stock market nervousness and bondholders , asking them the time .
his appointment as president was initially approved by the markets , but the anxiety arose again , in particular after the unexpected fall in eurozone industrial production in september .
the new government will have to operate until 2013 , date of the next election , he said .
mr monti 's guaranteed that , on the job , he will work tirelessly to ensure that italy will again be an important actor in europe .
the european union , convinced that rome would not target budget for 2013 , despite the austerity plan , adopted in recent months , demanding , in particular , the new austerity measures .
mr. monti , known for his competence and independence in the european commissioner ( 1994-2004 ) , is an " era of " change for italy after 17 years , " берлусконизма " , " professor " , emblematic of the " defying gravity " and " another italy " , according to the authors передовиц .
president napolitano would have been happy to avoid fast to april 2012 elections , as italy must make the payments on government debt on the amount of 200 thousand million euros .
vyacheslav danilenko , a russian scientist helped iran develop a detonator , suitable for use in nuclear weapons , confirmed on monday , the american agency , which specializes in the area of nuclear threat .
last week the iaea has expressed concern about " possible military dimensions " of iran 's nuclear program
in 1989 or 1991 he retired from the center , to create a company , producing " наноалмазы " in kiev .
he then cooperated with the iranian program from 1996 to 2002 , before returning to russia
according to these figures , the total number of cases of violence against muslims has grown from 107 in 2009 to 160 in 2010 , which equals the growth of 49 percent , compared to 13 % increase in the cases of violence against catholics , a 4 % reduction in attacks on jews and 14 % increase in the number of crimes on religious grounds .
after a decline in 2009 is worrisome that the number of these crimes is growing again , the organization for human rights , human rights first , an increase in cases of violence against muslims " very much , " the organization in the official report adds .
" the u.s. government can and must do more to deal with these crimes , he adds , believing it can be done by improving the police report hate crimes . "
this law was passed after the death of martin luther king , to be punished for acts of violence , associated with the race , color , sexual orientation , religion , nationality and in these days .
on monday , the twitter site микроблога made changes to view his platform , which will allow its users , in particular , to see the activity of those for whom they are , what makes this service similar to facebook .
it is an opportunity to learn if they published reports , if they are new accounts at , if they have selected messages , etc.
twitter , which has long been known as intuitively rather vague and uses a vague terms ( rt for перепоста someone 's else 's собщения , #followfriday for recommendations track other users ) , mainly in bringing pleasure experienced users , thus reveals himself to a wider audience , presenting users to something closer to the popular social networking sites facebook and google + .
" it is useless , intrusive and too much like facebook . "
the large coalition of the social democrats and christian democrats , in power in austria , decided tuesday to record budgetary " golden rule " in the constitution to reduce its budget deficit and thus avoid the possibility of the state credit rating agencies downgrade austria ( triple - a ) .
if the solvency of austria fell by only one point , from aaa to aa + , we would have to pay interest on the three thousand million euros more every year , the argument the vice - chancellor and foreign minister of the christian democrats , michael шпинделеггер .
resolution , adopted by the austrian government , like " the german model , " because germany was the first european country to the " rule . "
the goal is to make its public debt below 60 % , the maastricht treaty , in 2020/2021 .
we вмешаемся if fit , as they did last time , excessive volatility of the yen 's exchange rate , mr noda сенату explained .
in this day in tokyo sold the yen for dollars in the large - scale , to reduce the value of the japanese currency , which has set a new record since 1945 .
on tuesday , the dollar has fallen below 77 yen and the euro has fallen below the symbolic bar in the 105 yen , close to the level that triggered the latest intervention .
growth of the japanese currency is hurting japanese exports , because it makes japanese products more expensive and reduces the amount of revenue from japanese firms abroad with the conversion of the national currency .
the world 's third - largest economic power , resumed growth in the third quarter of -1 % 5 % in comparison with the previous quarter for the first time in the year , thanks to the rise in exports and household consumption , from disaster victims
finance minister дзюн адзуми called bank of japan ( boj ) , which opened on tuesday its board meeting on monetary policy , to take all necessary steps to weaken the yen .
at the last meeting in late october эмитирующая organization has increased to 5,000 million yen ( 47,000 million euro ) purchase of treasury bonds , raising to 55.000 thousand million yen ( 519 million euros ) ceiling amounts that it had allocated the purchase of various financial instruments , to satisfy the stock market .
despite naming new heads of state in greece and italy , and improved growth in france and germany , the stakes in unstable countries continue to grow
in the paris cac 40 lost 1.4 percent at 10 a.m. and ended trading on the level of 3.064 points .
in connection with the new challenges with loans to eurozone countries , in a difficult position , world stock markets around the world continue to lose some of their recent gains .
tokyo stock exchange closed since the fall of 0.7 per cent under new doubts about market participants for europe 's ability to contain the debt crisis .
this is a return of worries about the future of the eurozone hit a single currency , which on tuesday continued to fall .
to 10 a.m. , the european currency , cost $ 1,3570 falling by 0.4 per cent .
this morning on tuesday , italian 10 - year bond yields reached 6,85 % , while yields on spanish bonds with the same maturity reached 6.2 % .
mario monti 's head of the future of the italian government asked the exchanges have time to restore the situation in italy , under the threat of its debt under the weight .
spain came under fire in the markets before the parliamentary election on sunday .
insee , despite this , to reduce the numbers in the second quarter , with the fall of 0.1 per cent of gross domestic product ( gdp ) instead of stagnation .
germany , in turn , the growth of 0.5 % over the same period .
if there is a theme , a decision on which cannot be taken after a short discussion or under the influence of emotions , so this is an energy policy .
this is a healthy trend that electoral meeting place , and become an occasion for reflection on the share of their nuclear energy .
france needs to build their opinion on objective facts and data on the rational .
during the same period will be necessary to complete a growing scarcity of fossil resources , to continue electricity production all the time , not forgetting the critical need to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , to fight climate imbalance - theme , which disappeared from the environmental debate .
this is why germany is one of them in its decision to abandon its nuclear energy .
on the other hand , great britain , finland , poland , czech republic , the netherlands , sweden , south africa , china , india and brazil is only a few of those who strongly to their projects .
although the german model , based on renewable energy , sometimes cited as an example , the reality belies this argument .
european champion construction of turbines , which she receives 30 percent of its electricity , as well as the biggest consumer of coal and gas due to wind прерывистого ; because of the carbon dioxide emissions and electricity prices by 65 per cent , respectively , and on average 50 % higher than in europe .
as in a globalized economy , the price of energy is a key factor in competitiveness and the service of industrial equipment to the national territory , the french companies are benefiting from low - cost electricity in europe .
the price that the majority of the french refuse to pay more because they have no objection in principle , this type of energy .
heavily export - oriented , she draws the whole of specialized on international trade in small and medium - sized enterprises and creates a lot of jobs that may not be moved to another industry .
what engineer and electrician would order the epr , calculated to sixty years , if the planned closure of its manufacturer ?
development of low - carbon solutions by areva , nuclear and renewable energy , testifies взаимодополнимости sources .
security in france we have a body , which carries out , too , and transparent control existing energy centres , such as фламанвиль .
for 50 years , the nuclear industry has survived three serious incident .
in the chernobyl reactor and unforgivable human error led to the tragedy .
the nuclear industry will draw lessons from this accident , as learned from the previous two .
as it is all the specialists in the field of energy to build a reactor , halt its construction in фламанвиле will be a great gift to areva and edf , menacing them ​​путь toward the conquest of leadership in the imminent development of nuclear energy .
then the administrative harassment of foreign students , which in the news release , when the minister of interior ( " либерасьон " from france on may 23 ) , he said that " do not need foreign talent , bricklayers and waiters . "
both sides see immigration as a burden for the french economy and for the french society .
francois hollande , in their program was confined to platitudes , saying that " joint work will solve our immigration problem . "
as ian goldin and remind us economists jeffrey cameron in a recent book , обобщившей past data on immigration ( special : how migration shaped our world and people who will determine our future , may 2011 , princeton university , with 352 . ) , there is a broad consensus among experts about the positive impact of migration flows on economic growth , employment and wages in countries that accept immigrants .
fears for the influence of immigrants based on the view that they 're able to replace local workers , especially for low - skilled , provoking lower wages .
unskilled immigrants work in sectors that do not attract local labor , and the most skilled in vibrant sectors , where training is not related to the offers of work .
just as the surgeon would be hard to work in the country , where there is a lack of анестезиологов , complementarity between local and immigrants , leads to the arrival of immigrants that positively affects the salaries of local workers .
and it 's without taking into account the fact that diversity , вносимое immigrants , contributes to new ideas and economic growth ( among the american nobel laureates large share of naturalised immigrants , and google , intel , paypal and yahoo were all immigrants are based ) .
according to the labor organization , for example , in germany , an immigrant , arrived at the age of 30 years , for his life will bring to the state budget net profit ( revenue minus expenses ) , an average of 150,000 euros .
these teeth , which used to scare immigrants , was given exactly the opposite effect .
democracy is fragile and valuable acquisition ; but at the same time .
some thought that democracy has triumphed over their enemies , enough to hold the vote and to make it so direct , as far as possible .
universal vote , and is a necessary condition for democracy , though , it is not sufficient condition and may even be a " tool of suppression " , as once - republican philosopher etienne вашро said .
the european crisis that we are experiencing , " this is an economic crisis , but democracy in the first of all this political crisis and the crisis .
we do n't win anything , demanding a series of national referendums , organized by the need and хаотическом manner .
no , we dream , but not on the edge of guillotine on the implementation of the joint , clear and constant - on and democracy , this time the pan - european level .
the entire europe is subject to the dictates of markets and rating agencies , suffers from their own weakness and lack of solidarity .
many worry about the transfer of sovereignty , europe , but the entire europe was gradually losing their sovereignty , and each of the nations along with it .
because only collaborative effort of the europeans will be able to reduce the severity of debt each , free markets and prepare for the future , investing in it .
after a lengthy discussion of this socialist proposals and jacques delors now require all of the european economic government .
but to represent it without a stronger economic , political and democratic integration , maturing in life , граздан , is a madness and a dead end .
to establish a republic in france , was to " create a " republican .
this can only be done by creating a more democratic europe at the political level , this popular european sovereignty .
in fact , the 2011 will be 11 % sales growth of the world bank cards , mobile phones with chips ( sim cards ) , above , according to eurosmart 6 thousand million units .
this year in the world will be sold in the 460 million smart cards against бесконтактных 320 million a year earlier .
europe lagged a long time from the asia - pacific region , is now moving forward in the field of бесконтактных payments .
france starts with the more moderate positions : in a statement there are 400,000 бесконтактных visa cards .
this year , carrefour has 2.5 million бесконтактных pass mastercard .
two large organisations in france promised in the future " systematically to distribute among their customers ' bank cards , suited for non - use , " said gerard небуи , director - general of the visa europe , france .
but this is only the first stage of development in the future of the means of payment , a mobile phone .
" we 're looking at a global sales from 80 to 120 million units in 2012 , " explains mark бертен , head of eurosmart .
crédit agricole yesterday announced the experiment from december to june next year in the massacre .
long confirmed предполагавшиеся links between the terrorist group al qaeda in the islamic maghreb ( aqmi ) and the nigerian boko haram sect .
" the way in which use these two organizations , and intelligence reports show that they are actively cooperating , " he explained , without going into the details .
among the debris left after the operation , french and нигерские investigators found a few phone sim card belonging to the terrorists .
analysis of the incidents , pointed to several calls were in mali , niger and nigeria .
" this is a step forward , but of course , you have to wait for the more reliable evidence , before talking about operational cooperation between boko haram and aqmi . "
" for many years , we know that the sect идейную and receives financial support from outside , and that it is becoming more and more and more intense , " says кунле амуво , nigeria researcher .
the international community , led by washington now puts pressure on абуджу , to pay attention to the challenges posed by boko haram .
it focused mainly on the churches , bars and authorities .
in the past christmas , she took responsibility for per share , as a result of which 80 people were killed in джосе , and then another one in abuja .
in august , the local branch of the united nations , will be their first international goal .
today , when the aqmi has in mali and niger , and the somalis of al-shabaab in kenya , the boko haram poses a challenge to the continent .
weakened by crisis , america can lead a complex world with the help of the ordinary , or rather simplistic ideas ?
for a few days , mitt romney , the distance , rick perry and others multiply , but without details of the statements on foreign policy , which are traditionally strong republican .
mitt romney , who has the best chances of nomination from the " good old party , has threatened to sue the chinese complaint to the wto and accuse them of manipulating its currency is a sensitive issue for america , migration is as much as their industries to asia .
john huntsman , former obama ambassador to china and the complicated foreign policy , not the only candidate , was able to stand that indulging emotions .
but huntsman , who has been at the bottom of the ratings , remained неуслышанным .
romney has also promised the military strikes against iran if sanctions will not be able to halt its nuclear program .
" if obama will be re - elected , they will have a bomb . "
entrepreneur херман kane , the second in the top candidates , showed the daunting lack .
the texas governor rick perry , who supports israel and to the military strikes on iran , said that he was ready to use the us army against drug cartels in mexico .
all this is a far cry from the republican candidate john mccain 's 2008 , тяжеловеса foreign policy .
they remind us that obama himself was amateur , and that he had to lower the tone about the fight against terror .
after iraq , it does not believe in the military intervention , which confused in the sand .
nord stream , the new gates for the entry of russian gas to europe .
he is on the supply of gas equivalent of 30 million households .
more than 500 guests , including four heads of state and took part in the last tuesday on the shores of the baltic sea , between the performance of the orchestra and exquisite snacks , in the opening of the nord stream , a new pipeline , which directly links russia and germany under the water .
on a new pipeline 27.5 million of additional cubic metres of gas will come every year in western europe for the first 1 224 km long pipeline connecting the leningrad region with the land of mecklenburg - western pomerania .
and the opportunity to build the pipeline on the same direction have already been discussed .
these two countries will lose part of its power : they will be more difficult to influence russia , threatening to shut down access to western european markets .
but the price of europe 's energy , because the project has created a gap between eastern and western europe .
" this pipeline is part of cooperation with russia , it 's a new artery that connects us organically , " said francois fillon , the gas pipeline , showing the extent to which large natural gas contracts are important and politically and economically .
" one hundred of them had to remove or destroy them as a precaution , " said jens muller , a spokesman for the company 's north flow .
the pipeline is a long metal serpent weight , equal to weight 242 эйфелевых towers , without breaks throughout its length , without the service stations .
" we close the flow of gas in the case of accident less than a minute , " says jens muller .
but this seems unlikely that piping designers seams , designed for протечку only once in 100,000 years .
сигароообразный e420 is inside a 1 - meter diameter pipeline and pushed forward the flow of gas .
gas pipeline was designed to work for 50 years without the need for any repairs .
these five companies created a joint venture , called the north stream , which had been ordered to build and operate the pipeline .
gazprom then gave the company 's lease on the twenty years with the opportunity to extend the entire gas transportation .
natural gas pipeline was financed by 30 % shareholders and 70 % of bank loans .
out of the baltic sea gas pipeline in lubmin on a sandy beach , mulberry coniferous trees .
sensors measure pressure , temperature and the specific characteristics of the gas before , as he sucked in german gas pipelines .
at full capacity it will be 3 million an hour , and 6 million in 2012 .
moleskine , the italian company 's fifteen years ago , would bring a taste for letter .
moleskine notepad easily on a rectangular black cover резинке , yellowish - white pages , like пожелтевшим over time .
the italian company modo modo , which is based in milan , decided to run in the sale of designer notebooks .
notebook - inspired by an old technique of production молескином lacquered cotton cloth , used , for example , to покрывания benches .
" moleskine has been in line with today 's taste of old and forgotten , which has been a cult thing for artists - авангардистов before the 20th century , " said maria себрегонди management , which has since become a brand in the modo modo .
from 2006 to 2010 , sales increased 25 % and reached 12.7 million units .
moleskine crossed the border of italy and are exported in 70 countries , from france to the united states .
it distributes their notepads in bookshops , fnac магазинчиках centers in small towns and was able to gain notoriety .
this underlying cultural trait accompanies development areas of the moleskine recently organized an exhibition " brand way , " where the architects and artists demonstrated their собственнные notepad .
taking advantage of their success and cultural aura , moleskine разнообразил their products , which now include the bags , pens , bags for computers , the brand includes all sorts of support .
among them more elderly : 37 % who are older than 50 years old ( 17 % , on average ) .
finally , is a very long - term unemployment , which is 85 per cent against 38 percent in the average for the disabled .
a study in april by the association of ims - entreprendre on behalf of cité , showed that the managers had a low level of knowledge about disability and " imagined of people in wheelchairs or mentally ill or mentally неполноценных . "
recent well - known figures , relating to 2008 , the value of 2.6 % .
evidence : the number of " taxable " organizations , as well as paid sums of money , has fallen to 46 in 2011 with 59 000 000 organizations ( and 606 to 480 million euros ) .
" but it also reflects the growing awareness of improvement , particularly to large enterprises . "
we do n't we to argue that , among them was a conspiracy , but the picture is emblematic .
five months after the antics of his forward in a match against turkey , the belgian coach can only praise him .
" i want to go ahead , " said a player of lille .
" i am all year round in lille , and in belgium , there is no " .
left in reserve , in the run - up to this match with france , in the game against romania on friday night , azar finally arrived in saint - denis , in order to " sparkle . "
he has supported blue from the age of 7 and skillful campaign in 1998 and 2000 .
" pride " also claim that france " as a " neighbor " , once again with a very high level , " just one year after injuries найзне .
" we are building something , players are ambitious , they are hungry . "
